README.md, before:

![Prettier Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/prettier/prettier-logo/master/images/prettier-banner-light.png)

<h2 align="center">Opinionated Code Formatter</h2>

<p align="center">
  <em>
    JavaScript
    · TypeScript
    · Flow
    · JSX
    · JSON
  </em>
  <br />
  <em>
    CSS
    · SCSS
    · Less
  </em>
  <br />
  <em>
    HTML
    · Vue
    · Angular
  </em>
  <br />
  <em>
    GraphQL
    · Markdown
    · YAML
  </em>
  <br />
  <em>
    <a href="https://prettier.io/docs/en/plugins.html">
      Your favorite language?
    </a>
  </em>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/prettier/prettier/actions?query=workflow%3AProd+branch%3Amain">
    <img alt="Github Actions Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/prettier/prettier/Prod?label=Prod&style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/prettier/prettier/actions?query=workflow%3ADev+branch%3Amain">
    <img alt="Github Actions Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/prettier/prettier/Dev?label=Dev&style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/prettier/prettier/actions?query=workflow%3ALint+branch%3Amain">
    <img alt="Github Actions Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/prettier/prettier/Lint?label=Lint&style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/prettier/prettier">
    <img alt="Codecov Coverage Status" src="https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/prettier/prettier.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/acdlite/status/974390255393505280">
    <img alt="Blazing Fast" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/speed-blazing%20%F0%9F%94%A5-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <br/>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/prettier">
    <img alt="npm version" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/prettier.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/prettier">
    <img alt="weekly downloads from npm" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/prettier.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="#badge">
    <img alt="code style: prettier" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://gitter.im/jlongster/prettier">
    <img alt="Chat on Gitter" src="https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/jlongster/prettier.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/PrettierCode">
    <img alt="Follow Prettier on Twitter" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/prettiercode.svg?label=follow+prettier&style=flat-square"></a>
</p>

## Intro

Prettier is an opinionated code formatter. It enforces a consistent style by parsing your code and re-printing it with its own rules that take the maximum line length into account, wrapping code when necessary.

### Input

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```js
foo(reallyLongArg(), omgSoManyParameters(), IShouldRefactorThis(), isThereSeriouslyAnotherOne());
```

### Output

```js
foo(
  reallyLongArg(),
  omgSoManyParameters(),
  IShouldRefactorThis(),
  isThereSeriouslyAnotherOne()
);
```

Prettier can be run [in your editor](http://prettier.io/docs/en/editors.html) on-save, in a [pre-commit hook](https://prettier.io/docs/en/precommit.html), or in [CI environments](https://prettier.io/docs/en/cli.html#list-different) to ensure your codebase has a consistent style without devs ever having to post a nit-picky comment on a code review ever again!

---

**[Documentation](https://prettier.io/docs/en/)**

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
[Install](https://prettier.io/docs/en/install.html) ·
[Options](https://prettier.io/docs/en/options.html) ·
[CLI](https://prettier.io/docs/en/cli.html) ·
[API](https://prettier.io/docs/en/api.html)

**[Playground](https://prettier.io/playground/)**

---

## Badge

Show the world you're using _Prettier_ → [![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

```md
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
```

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Attributes are now on their own line

README.md, after:

# Markforged Prettier Fork

- https://github.com/prettier/prettier/issues/5501
- https://github.com/prettier/prettier/pull/6644

Prettier refuses to add support for HTML attributes on each line...

Until it does, we can fork and modify it ourselves. Code is based off of the PR link above.

Steps:
1. Merge in the latest `prettier` changes from the remote if needed. Avoid using a `dev` branch and only branch from release tags.
2. Run `npx yarn build` to build prettier into `dist/*`
3. Run `cd ./dist && npm publish` which will publish under the `@markforged/prettier` package.

---

![Prettier Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/prettier/prettier-logo/master/images/prettier-banner-light.png)

<h2 align="center">Opinionated Code Formatter</h2>

<p align="center">
  <em>
    JavaScript
    · TypeScript
    · Flow
    · JSX
    · JSON
  </em>
  <br />
  <em>
    CSS
    · SCSS
    · Less
  </em>
  <br />
  <em>
    HTML
    · Vue
    · Angular
  </em>
  <br />
  <em>
    GraphQL
    · Markdown
    · YAML
  </em>
  <br />
  <em>
    <a href="https://prettier.io/docs/en/plugins.html">
      Your favorite language?
    </a>
  </em>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/prettier/prettier/actions?query=workflow%3AProd+branch%3Amain">
    <img alt="Github Actions Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/prettier/prettier/Prod?label=Prod&style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/prettier/prettier/actions?query=workflow%3ADev+branch%3Amain">
    <img alt="Github Actions Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/prettier/prettier/Dev?label=Dev&style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/prettier/prettier/actions?query=workflow%3ALint+branch%3Amain">
    <img alt="Github Actions Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/prettier/prettier/Lint?label=Lint&style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/prettier/prettier">
    <img alt="Codecov Coverage Status" src="https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/prettier/prettier.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/acdlite/status/974390255393505280">
    <img alt="Blazing Fast" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/speed-blazing%20%F0%9F%94%A5-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <br/>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/prettier">
    <img alt="npm version" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/prettier.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/prettier">
    <img alt="weekly downloads from npm" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/prettier.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="#badge">
    <img alt="code style: prettier" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://gitter.im/jlongster/prettier">
    <img alt="Chat on Gitter" src="https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/jlongster/prettier.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/PrettierCode">
    <img alt="Follow Prettier on Twitter" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/prettiercode.svg?label=follow+prettier&style=flat-square"></a>
</p>

## Intro

Prettier is an opinionated code formatter. It enforces a consistent style by parsing your code and re-printing it with its own rules that take the maximum line length into account, wrapping code when necessary.

### Input

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```js
foo(reallyLongArg(), omgSoManyParameters(), IShouldRefactorThis(), isThereSeriouslyAnotherOne());
```

### Output

```js
foo(
  reallyLongArg(),
  omgSoManyParameters(),
  IShouldRefactorThis(),
  isThereSeriouslyAnotherOne()
);
```

Prettier can be run [in your editor](http://prettier.io/docs/en/editors.html) on-save, in a [pre-commit hook](https://prettier.io/docs/en/precommit.html), or in [CI environments](https://prettier.io/docs/en/cli.html#list-different) to ensure your codebase has a consistent style without devs ever having to post a nit-picky comment on a code review ever again!

---

**[Documentation](https://prettier.io/docs/en/)**

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
[Install](https://prettier.io/docs/en/install.html) ·
[Options](https://prettier.io/docs/en/options.html) ·
[CLI](https://prettier.io/docs/en/cli.html) ·
[API](https://prettier.io/docs/en/api.html)

**[Playground](https://prettier.io/playground/)**

---

## Badge

Show the world you're using _Prettier_ → [![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

```md
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
```

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).
